[Music]
[Applause]
hello silver Airways this is Steven
speaking may I help you I like to book
two round-trip tickets to Evansville oh
okay sir and what is your name Richard
Greene I'll be traveling with my wife
June oh okay then that is Richard Greene
and June Greene
yes okay where will you be flying from
Chicago
you have flights out of Chicago don't
you yes mr. Greene Chicago is one of our
main hubs we have two daily flights
between Chicago and Evansville the
morning flight departs at 7:15 it is a
direct flight but stops at Rapid City do
you have any nonstop flights
yes we have a nonstop flight Chicago
Evansville every afternoon at 1625 we
really would prefer traveling in the
morning don't you have any non-stop
flights in the morning you know I'm
sorry sir
just the one flight with the brief stop
in Rapid City and you will not have to
change planes okay we'll take the
morning flight Friday June 21st okay one
moment please
okay sir we have flight seats available
do you have a seating preference yes I
like to have a seat on the aisle my legs
are pretty long haha
okay so I know what you mean
do you know your return date is it
possible for me to leave my return date
open yes sir we can leave the return
date open but the return portion of the
ticket must be used within 30 days okay
that would be no problem your tickets
come to 558 dollars how would you like
to pay for them I'll have my secretary
come pick them up she can pay for them
then
okay the tickets have to be paid one
week before departure or your
reservation will be cancelled I'll send
my secretary over this afternoon that
will be fine does she know where our
offices are located yes she has been
there before okay then sir I have two
round-trip tickets in the names of dick
and Jun green the Chicago Evansville
flight that portion of the ticket is
confirmed for Friday June 21st at 7:15
that is correct
the return portion has been left open
the total price comes to 558 dollars and
we should expect your secretary to pick
the tickets up at the office this
afternoon
thanks very much our pleasure sir I hope
you enjoy flying with silver Airways
good bye good bye good morning mom what
are you doing I was thinking I should
make some reservations for our trip to
Evansville next month
sounds like a good idea let me see a
silver Airways let me see
silver Airways this is Steven speaking
how may I help you
I'd like to book a flight to Evansville
one moment please
what is your name please mrs. and
Rafferty okay mrs. Rafferty could you
spell your name for me please
suddenly and without the e and Rafferty
are a F F P R T Y oh okay
thank you mrs. Rafferty will you be
traveling alone no I will be traveling
with my daughter her name is Suzy miss
Susan Rafferty
is that correct that is correct but she
prefers MS oh okay miss Susan
Rafferty when would you like to travel
mrs. Rafferty on the 21st in the morning
if possible I'm sorry mrs. Rafferty
Tuesday May 21st is completely booked
would you like me to check the 22nd for
you
oh I'm sorry I'll be trying on June 21st
not May 21st
it's a Friday isn't it one moment please
let me check yes Friday June 21st we
have two seats available on the 8:30
a.m. flight to Evansville will that be a
round-trip yes we'd like to return on
Sunday the 23rd okay
[Applause]
we have seats available returning Sunday
June 23rd at 1430 would you also like to
book your return flight yes I would okay
then
would you like smoking or non-smoking
seats non-smoking please and would you
prefer an aisle or a window seat just a
second
Suzy would you like it window seat sure
mom if there is one available window
please
okay mrs. Rafferty your tickets come to
four hundred and twenty-eight dollars
including tax how would you like to pay
for your tickets I'll charge them my
visa account number is five four nine
four four eight four two four five two
one
expiration date January 1998
okay mrs. Rafferty you are confirmed on
flight s a four five five Rapid City to
Evansville Friday 21st of June departing
8:30 a.m. and returning flight s a four
five six Evansville to Rapid City Sunday
23rd June departing 14 thirty in the
afternoon thank you where do I pick up
my tickets you can pick up your tickets
at the silver Airways counter when you
check-in for your flight excuse me yes
ma'am
how long before the departure time
should we check in for a domestic flight
we request that you check in at least
one hour before departure time is there
anything else I can help you with no
thank you
well then I hope you have a pleasant
trip to Evansville and please call us
again thank you goodbye
goodbye
he was an awfully nice young man who was
the man at silver Airways oh so you got
our tickets yes we are confirmed for
Friday June 21st 8:30 a.m. and we can
pick up our tickets at the counter do
you know where we can stay in Abby Smith
Joe's mother says that the grand is a
nice hotel is it downtown I think it is
just off of the main plaza an old hotel
which has recently been redone the Grand
Plaza Hotel I think that is its full
name
oh that sounds very nice let me see
grand plaza hotel hi my name is Anne
Rafferty and I would like to make a
reservation for the weekend of Friday
June 21st
one moment please and I will connect you
with the reservation thank you
hello the Grand Plaza reservations desk
how may I help you hi my name is Anne
Rafferty and I would like to make a
reservation for the weekend of Friday
June 21st
one moment please yes mrs. Rafferty we
have rooms available on June 21st how
long do you plan to stay with us to
Sunday the 23rd will you and your
daughter be sharing a room yes and mrs.
Rafferty would you like a room looking
out on the in street is their price
difference yes rooms facing Main Street
are slightly larger than standard rooms
and cost $50 in eight standard rooms
cost $40 we'll take a room on Main
Street mrs. Rafferty I believe you'll be
very happy with your decision I've
reserved you and your daughter a room
facing Main Street from Friday
June 21st until Sunday June 23rd thank
you
do you know what time you expect to
arrive our flight arrives in the morning
and I expect to go straight to the hotel
okay mrs. Rafferty we will expect you in
the morning is there anything else I can
help you with no thank you and thank you
for calling the grand I hope that we
will be able to make your stay a
pleasant one thank you goodbye
unit to hotel check-in welcome to the
Grand Plaza how may I help you this
morning hello I'm mrs. Andreotti and I
have a reservation nice to have you with
us mrs. Rafferty one moment while I
check your reservation
yes mrs. Rafferty we have room 1206 for
you your room is facing the Main Street
and gives you a view of the plaza thank
you I have here that you'll be with us
until Sunday morning is that correct yes
it is good now here is a registration
card Suzie quick your family's out for
me please I don't have my glasses
sure mom come get your passport number
oh I don't know
I didn't bring my passport with me
excuse me sir I don't have my passport
with me that's okay do you have any
other identification yes I have my
driver's license you can use a driver's
license instead yeah ms2 four four nine
five seven nine nine signature okay mom
you need to sign this now
here's the registration card
okay mrs. Rafferty your room is 1206
this is the key your room is on the 12th
floor you can take the elevator over
there when you get to the 12th floor
you'll need to go out the elevator and
take the corridor to your left where are
the elevators they're over there mom
just be on the man in the green coat
I'll see them now this is a brochure
telling you about the facilities at the
Grand Plaza and one listing the town
tours that the hotel can arrange for you
if you're interested I'll have someone
help you with your bags thank you very
much I hope you have a pleasant stay
with us at the crowd thank you welcome
to the Grand Plaza I'm sorry to have
kept you waiting
how may I help you this morning hi there
I was warned do you have any rooms
available for this evening
I believe we do how long do you plan to
stay ah hippy for a few days
let me check we have civil rooms which
you prefer room looking out on Main
Street yes I suppose but I'd really like
a room close to the ground I really
don't like to be up too high let me
check for you again yes we have two
rooms available on the fourth floor for
this evening but unfortunately those
rooms still need to be made
do you mind waiting when with the room
be ready good morning the front desk how
may I help you
I'd like to change my arrival date I'm
sorry ma'am you'll need to speak with
someone in reservations to change your
arrival date one moment and I'll
transfer you sorry for the interruption
sir
oh that's fine I wish Warner's there
someplace I could leave my bags I'd like
to go get something to eat
certainly sir you can leave your bags
here with me and when your room is
available I'll have someone put it in
your room thank you here is your
registration card
which you prefer a queen-size or twin
beds queen-size please okay you will be
in room 412 how would you like to pay
for your room
with cash okay mr. Simmonds if you'll
check back with us in about an hour your
room should be ready and you can pay for
your room when you come to pick up your
key thank you I hope you enjoy your stay
with us at the Grand Plaza Thanks may I
help you yes I'm hot doggin in room
eight two three could you check and see
if there are any messages for me
certainly just a moment here you go man
will there be anything else could you
tell me where there is a phone yes there
are house phones over against the wall
and there's the public phone by the
coffee shop thank you very much my
pleasure welcome to the Grand Plaza how
may I help you this morning we'd like a
room hello will you be staying in
evansville we're here for some meetings
till next Friday but we might like to
spend the weekend let me check for you
we're quite busy tonight or tonight I'm
afraid we only have a few rooms
available and they have twin beds
you'd really prefer a double bed well
for the rest of the week I have room
with queen-size beds available well I
guess that is okay but if that is the
best you can do we could always check
with somewhere else if you'd like no no
that's okay it's only for the one night
but I do hate
while I can check and see if we have any
cancellations and if we do I can put you
in that room oh that would be great
thank you
here's your registration card your room
should be available around noontime how
would you like to pay for your room
well charging okay so can I have your
credit card and a form of identification
there you go
would you like to check into a room with
twin beds now or wait and see if we have
any cancellation oh we can wait we're
just on our way to a meeting but is
there someplace we can leave our bags
certainly sir you can leave your bags
here with me here are your cards and
we'll see you again later this evening
and I'll try to have a room with a
queen-size bed for you thank you very
much you're going to help my pleasure I
hope you enjoy your stay with us at the
Grand Plaza ordering room service
[Music]
[Applause]
hello room service I'd like to get
something to drink a beverage or a
cocktail sir oh I'm not quite sure what
do you have we have a wide selection of
both hot and cold drinks as well as
cocktails wines and beers have you had a
chance to look at the room service menu
there should be one on your nightstand
oh let me see oh yes I see the menu give
me a minute and I'll call you back okay
thank you for calling room service hello
room service how may I help you hi I'd
like a sandwich can you deliver that to
the pool I'm sorry you will have to
order that from the service bar at the
pool would you like me to transfer you
you know I guess I'll just order it when
I get down there thanks anyway no
problem I hope you enjoy your time at
the pool thanks bye hello room service
hi I'd like a fruit plate and some
yogurt okay fruit plate and yogurt plain
or strawberry what kind of fruit is on
the fruit plate melon a banana and some
berries oh I'll have the plain yogurt
then okay sir and your room number room
anything else sir no thank you that
would be 15 minutes thank you hello room
service
hi I'm sorry I'm whispering my wife's in
the bathroom and I don't want her to
hear okay sir how can I help you I was
wondering could you bring some wine and
flowers up to our room mmm okay sir that
is no problem no I mean while we're out
I want it to be here when we get back
from shopping yes I think we can do that
do you know what time you'll be
getting back Oh about 4:00 in the
afternoon I could have the wine
delivered at say 3:45 would that be
convenient yeah that would be great
okay sir have you made a wine selection
oh no I'm sorry I don't know much about
wines my wife likes red wines could you
pick one out for us something not too
expensive certainly sir how about a nice
bottle of Burgundy
it will cost about $25 that sounds great
and would you like some cheese and
crackers with then that's a great idea
so flowers wine cheese and crackers at
3:45 this afternoon yes and what is your
room number oh yes we're in the
honeymoon suite okay sir
thank you for calling room service hey
thanks for your help
my wife's coming by hello room service
hi this is mr. Simmons in room 412
yes mr. Simmons I just placed an order
for some fruit and yogurt could you send
me some tea as well sure mr. Simmons
I'll add that to your order thank you
thank you bye
[Music]
[Applause]
good afternoon how may I help you
hi I'm Universal see the city do you
have any tours available yes we have
several when would you like to take a
tour Saturday I'm gonna be in business
meetings all during the week I have a
free day on Saturday well then we have
several tours planned for this Saturday
are you staying here at the Grand Plaza
Hotel yes well then you'll be entitled
to a ten percent discount on the tour
price and the tour van can be scheduled
to pick you up here oh that sounds great
would you prefer to take a tour of the
city or are you more interested in the
surrounding area the bay and coast is
there much to see in Evansville we have
two tours tour a is a morning tour which
visit some of the main historical sites
of the city and ends with the cable car
ride and lunch at the top of Evans peak
well that sounds really very nice yes
and we have a whole day tour to Abby
which includes the sites in Tour A plus
an afternoon visit to the Art Gallery
and Zoo into Abby who had arrived back
at the hotel in time for dinner okay
what about the tours outside of the city
we have a tour that takes you to the
harbor and then on a boat ride around
the islands and down the coast this tour
goes from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
what about lunch lunch is served on the
boat yeah well that sounds good I have
another question is there any way that I
can get a shuttle to the beach from here
yes the hotel offers a shuttle service
to and from Sandy Cove the shuttles
leave at 10:00 11:00 and 1:30 for Sandy
Cove and returned at 2 3 and 4:30 p.m.
why don't you have a look at these
brochures for a moment while I answer
the phone
hello tours at City Eddings how may I
help you
hi my name is Dan Barker my wife and I
scheduled an all-day city tour with you
this Saturday but I'm afraid we're going
to have to cancel my business meetings
have been extended ok mr. Barker would
you hold on one moment please
yes I see here dawn and Diane Barker for
the Saturday city tour would you like to
change your reservation to Sunday
perhaps mmm no I'm afraid we have an
early flight out on Sunday oh that is a
shame
I see here that you have prepaid for
your tour with your Visa card yes that's
right
could you credit my account yes I will
cancel your tour and have Visa reimburse
your account for the tour price minus
the $50 cancellation fee thank you very
much I'm sorry that you won't be able to
join the tour perhaps next time I am in
Evansville for business meetings again
next month
well if I can be of service please let
me know I will
goodbye now goodbye I'm sorry about that
interruption is there a tour that you
were interested in yes I was thinking
would it be possible for me to take the
city morning tour tour a and still make
it back to the hotel on time to catch
the 1:30 shuttle to the beach yes you
should get back at about 1 o'clock and
we can reserve a place for you on the
beach shuttle so that they will be
expecting you ok and it says here that
the tour a cost $125 is that correct yes
plus tax
which brings the total to one hundred
thirty two dollars the hotel Beach
shuttle costs seven dollars and will be
charged to your room okay
well I'd like to make a reservation for
both the city morning too
and the 130 beat show okay then to our
aim for this Saturday sir your name is
Paul Simmons
okay mr. Simmons would you fill out this
information card open
yes here you go thank you and mr.
Simmons how will you be paying for this
tour I'll pay with cash one hundred and
thirty two dollars wasn't it yes and
here is your receipt
I will go and hit ahead and call the
front desk and reserve a place for you
on the 130 beat shuttle for this
Saturday and what it will I made the
tour you can meet here for the tour and
the 130 beat settle leaves from the
hotel Porte cochere here take this
complimentary city map and tour brochure
with you okay I will thank you thank you
hello tours and city outings how may I
help you
hi I'd like a book an airline ticket to
Portsmouth for next Tuesday I'm sorry
but we cannot make airline reservations
from this office you could try calling
the airline or a travel agent thank you
I'll do that
goodbye goodbye hello how may I help you
hi hello they told us at the front desk
that you might be able to help us go
around town into some shopping yes ma'am
we offer a city shopping tour on
Saturdays what is the - am I here
let me show you this brochure the two
leaves the hotel at 8:30 a.m. and we
have a light breakfast at a cafe on the
main plaza that sounds like a very nice
way to start the day from there a van
takes you on a brief tour of the dog
downtown shopping district and points
out some of the highlights and unique
shops that lasts until about ten o'clock
when we stop for coffee at the cafe
George knowing where the different shops
are could save us a lot of time and
walking after coffee we were free to
shop until 12:30 when we will meet again
for lunch at the president park grill oh
the president Park Row I've heard of it
they supposed to have very nice lunch
buffet at two o'clock we travel out to
the harbor district where we have a
brief tour of the shopping district then
you are free to shop until 5:30 when the
van returns to the hotel that sounds
very nice what do you think Suzy sounds
great mom but you talked about wanting
to see a show if we are going shopping
all day are we going to still want to
see a show
it's what we still be able to see you
show actually many people reserved
tickets for the Marx theatre down in the
harbor district oh why is that well that
way they can have dinner on the harbour
after shopping and stay to see the show
but how do they get back to their hotel
you can take a taxi back to the hotel
after the show what do you think Suzy I
don't know I don't want to carry
whatever we buy to dinner and then to
the theater oh that is no problem you
can always send your bags back to the
hotel with the shopping tour van from
that case it sounds like a good idea
what show is playing at the Marx theater
right now
Katz oh let's do it mom I've been
wanting to see cats for a long time this
how much with the shopping tour and
tickets to cats for to cost for the
shopping tour which includes both
breakfast and lunch and orchestra seats
in the center section for cats the total
price would be three hundred and
twenty-five dollars including tax can I
pay for that my credit card yes you can
mrs. Rafferty if you would sign here
please
the shopping tool will meet in the lobby
and your tour guide mrs. Swan will have
your tickets for cats for you be sure to
bring this receipt with you oh I'm so
excited
me too thank you very much thank you I
can be of any help please feel free to
call good bye good bye good bye
[Music]
[Applause]
good evening can I help you sir yes
thank you
my name is Paul Simmons I'm looking for
Don Barker I was supposed to meet him
here at 6:15 Don Barker let me see
ah yes mr. Barker has a reservation for
two at 7:15 oh right
7:15 would you mind if I wait for him
here at the restaurant no problem sir
just follow me please hello Charley's
grill how may I help you hi I'd like to
make reservations for Sunday dinner just
a minute please let me get Sunday's
reservation book okay your name is
Woodward Janet Woodward and what time
will you be arriving about 6:30 and how
many people do you expect in your party
about seven or eight I'm not sure if my
mother will be able to join us or not
I'll put you down for 8:00 thank you so
that's woodward party of eight for 6:30
Sunday yes thank you we look forward to
seeing you then goodbye sorry to keep
you waiting
would you like a table for two no for
although I believe we have a reservation
what is the name please dick Greene dick
Greene
ah yes I see it here green a table of
four at 7:30 the rest of your party has
not arrived yet but your table is ready
would you like to be seated yes thank
you I believe the Greens will be here
any moment
follow me please welcome to charli's may
I help you we have a reservation for
green big green 7:30 party of four
yes mr. green the other members of your
party have already arrived let me show
you to your table
welcome to charli's may I help you hi is
there a mr. Paul Simmons here waiting
for me I'm Dan Barker the bartender told
me to look for him here ah yes mr.
Barker we have a reservation for you at
7:15 mr. Simmons arrived only a few
minutes ago let me show you to your
table thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
good evening sir my name is Alex and
I'll be your waitress this evening can I
get you something to drink while you
wait yes that'd be great
I'll have a ginger ale one ginger ale
I'll be right back howdy done hi Paul
nice to see you although it seems we
have a bit of a mix-up oh sorry about
that I thought we're gonna meet it 6:15
my mistake no problem here's your ginger
ale sir thank you can I get you
something to drink sir sure I'll have a
Heineken one Heineken I'll be right back
to take your order are you ready to
place your order I think so can you tell
me what is the soup of the day cream of
asparagus hmm okay I'll have a cup of
cream of asparagus soup and t-bone steak
okay sir
and how would you like your steak done
medium-rare please medium-rare would you
like a baked potato or french fries
baked potato on your salad would you
prefer French Italian blue cheese are
the house dressing French please okay
sir that is one t-bone steak with a
baked potato and with French dressing on
your salad and one cup of asparagus soup
yes thank you for you man I'll have the
chef's salad can you tell me what is the
house dressing right yes ma'am it's a
fresh vinaigrette I'd recommend it is
quite good it sounds good to me
I'll take that does bread come with my
salad yes ma'am good
and then what can I get for you miss can
you tell me what is this Indian curry
this is a chicken curry made with
potatoes carrots and onions and is
served on a bed of rice it's a very
spicy it is a bit spicy but I can ask
the cook to make it less spicy for you
if that's what you prefer no that's okay
as long as it's not too spicy no ma'am
so one Indian curry and this what can I
get for you I think I will have the
Western burger and french fries okay one
Western burger and fries how do you like
your burgers well-done please and may I
have a coke yes one coke is there
anything else I can get for you no I
think that will be off okay then
I'll be right back with your coke thank
you thank you here you go sir
are you ready to order done yes I I
believe so let me see what is the catch
of the day today's catch of the day is
the sea bass and the chef's special
blackened chicken hmm I think I'll have
the sea bass can I have it rolled with
the lemon butter sauce
sea bass broiled would you like mixed
vegetables or the tossed salad with that
I'll have the mixed vegetables that also
comes with a baked potato or rice pilaf
I'll have the rice pilaf okay that is
the broiled sea bass with rice pilaf and
mixed vegetables and for you sir I like
the sound of that blackened chicken that
also comes with a baked potato or the
rice all of the baked potato and a salad
we have a choice of French Italian blue
cheese or the house vinaigrette for your
salad blue cheese and you have croutons
on the salad yes sir I'll take an extra
of those please no problem sir that's
black and chicken with a baked potato
salad with blue cheese dressing and
extra croutons yes thank you
and I'll have another ginger ale one
ginger ale thank you
police everything oh very good thank you
the blackened chicken was delicious I'm
glad to hear that is there anything else
that I can get for you Don is there
anything else
yes I'll have another beer okay and I'll
have another ginger ale with that along
would you bring the bill back as well
please
one Heineken and one ginger ale I'll be
right back thank you
and here's your bill sir I'll take that
when you're ready just a minute please
excuse me what is this charge for here
that's for the water sir oh okay oh here
you go I'll check
okay so I'll be right back thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning good morning mrs. Brogan
how are you this morning
not very well I slept poorly oh I'm
sorry to hear that do you have any
messages for me let me check this is for
you mrs. Brogan it just arrived this
morning thank you
oh this is bad news
I'm going to have to fly up to
parkersville my husband isn't able to
meet me here and oh I'm sorry to hear
that I'm going to go back upstairs and
pack my bag could you send a boy up for
them in half an hour
certainly ma'am and could you get my
bill ready I'll want to charge it to
broken enterprises as usual
yes mrs. Brogan thank you I'll be ready
in half an hour
oh she wasn't rush yes mrs. Brogan is
usually in a hurry good morning ma'am
how may I help you this morning mrs.
Anne Rafferty in room 1206 and I'd like
to check out oh ok mrs. Rafferty just
one minute and I'll get your bill for
you I hope you had a pleasant stay here
yes we have thank you in addition to the
charge for the two nights you'll see
that there is a charge for a couple of
local phone calls you made as well as a
call to Rapid City yes we made those
calls ok then if everything is in order
please sign here
can I get you a cab
oh thank you you're going to take the
shuttle to the airport
have a nice trip and I hope we will see
you again at the Grand Plaza I think you
will
what's your favorite food I love
hamburgers
do you like pieces yes of course I'm a
big fan of pieces or no I don't I can't
stand pieces what would you like to eat
I'd like to have MEAP steak and salad
now remember usually if we save food any
kinds of food in general like hamburgers
or peas or something like that we have
to say in blue or form that means
hamburgers or peas errs okay or like
what would you like to eat meat steak
and salad usually it goes in propulsion
so when you go to the restaurant and you
order food you don't have to say the
pool from to say if steak or a seller or
or pizza or something like that but when
you say food in general you have to say
it in blue oval hamburgers or pieces do
you prefer beef or pork
I prefer beef I prefer I prefer beef how
do you like your lamb I like it grilled
do you like to eat stir fried duck yes I
really love it it's delicious
no I don't I like it roasted what do you
want - what do you want what do you want
sorry what do you want to have for lunch
what do you want to have for lunch I
want to have fried chicken I want to
have fried chicken okay so that's over
today thanks good bye see ya